# WolfWR

## Project Narrative
This is a description of the main project for the course Database
Management Concepts and Systems. The details are likely to change
over time, so please visit the online version again.

You are to build a database system, WolfWR, for a WolfCity wholesale-store chain. This is a chain of membership-only warehouse clubs,similar to Costco or Sam’s. The database system will be used by the administrators of the wholesale-store chain, and should maintain information on at least the following:

- **Store information:** store ID, manager ID, store address, phone number

- **Staff information:** staff ID, store ID, name, age, home address, job title, phone number, email address, time of employment

- **Merchandise information:** product ID, product name, quantity in stock, buy price, market price, production data, expiration date, supplier id, store id

- **Club member information:** customer id, first name, last name, membership level, email address, phone, home address, active status

- **Sign-up information:** store id, sign-up date, staff id, customer id

- **Transaction information:** transaction ID, store id, customer id, cashier id, purchase date, product list, total price

- **Supplier information:** supplier id, supplier name, phone, email address, location

- **Discount or on sale information:** product id, discount_percentage, start date, end date

By talking to the managers, we have elicited for you the following information about the wholesale-store chain. (Note that in working on this project, you might discover that not every bit of the information has to be explicitly captured in the database, with the exception of the required information mentioned in the bullets above. Part of the modeling effort is to decide what to keep and what to discard. In doing your project, you will need to make additional assumptions, and to also identify the potential inconsistencies and resolve them. Any reasonable assumptions are fine, but they must be documented in your reports. You can consult with the TAs or instructor if you have questions about the assumptions.)

- Operators in the registration office can sign up new customers and cancel memberships.
- Operators in the warehouse office can add in new shipments received, transfer products between stores, and handle returns.
- Club memberships have several levels, including gold and platinum. Platinum members will get a cashback reward in the amount of 2% of the total purchase amount in that year.
- Memberships will become inactive if the members cancel their membership or do not pay membership fees.
- Billing staff can generate bills that need to be paid to suppliers. They can also handle yearly rewards for platinum members and send out reward checks. All transaction and billing related reports can be generated by the billing staff.
- Staff information, club member information, store information,
and supplier information should be kept in the database system

#### Tasks and Operations
The following are the four major kinds of tasks that need to be performed using your database. Each task potentially consists of a number of operations; an "operation" is something that corresponds to a separate action. For example, Information processing is considered one task, which involves separate operations such as entering basic information on a product, updating promotion information, and assigning job titles to working staff.

Each student should write about the same number of application programs, but it is up to each team to decide how to allocate the overall effort.

- **Information processing:** Enter/update/delete basic information about stores, customers, staff, and suppliers. Manage promotion or sale information for products.

  
- **Maintaining inventory records:** Create inventory for newly arrived products. Update inventory with returns. Manage product transfers between stores in the chain.

- **Maintaining billing and transaction records:** Create or generate bills that are to be paid to a specific supplier. Generate reward checks for platinum customers that are due at the end of the year. For each transaction, calculate the total price, check if any item is on sale or not and, if it is, apply discounts according to the discount information.

- **Reports:** Generate all of the following reports. General reports such as total sales report by day, by month, or by year. Sales growth report for a specific store for a given time period. Merchandise stock report for each store or for a certain product. Customer growth report by month or by year. Customer activity report such as total purchase amount for a given time period.

## Design Notes

`Merchandise` and `productID` are the terms we were required to use. Throughout the code base, Merchandise and Product are used interchangeably to refer to the same thing.
